Iran Strikes Kuwaiti Military HQ 'Used by' American Troops After Deadly U.S Attacks On Iranian Sites - The Times of India
Iran Claims Drone Strikes on US Military Facilities in Bahrain, Jordan - Kurdistan24
Iran launches attacks on US army facilities in Bahrain, Jordan - Middle East Eye
Report: US army death toll abruptly lowered on Pentagon Website - Middle East Eye
Who was Angel Rampersad? US Army sergeant from Queens killed in Iranian attack on Jordan base | Hindustan Times - Hindustan Times
U.S. Army Is Buying Older PAC-2 Patriot Missiles For The First Time In Decades - TWZ

I Corps swept the leaderboard 👏🔥 🥇1st: TEAM 5 @11thAirborneDiv 🥈2nd: TEAM 1 @7thID 🥉3rd: TEAM 2 @4th...
U.S. Army tests new advanced technologies in training exercise
R to @USARPAC: Small unit tactics in action. Competitors representing Medical Readiness Command West...
R to @USARPAC: Zeroed in. A MEDCOM Soldier makes adjustments to his M4A1 carbine during a weapons ze...
Ready for the fireline 🔥 Soldiers with 7th ID (MDC-PAC) recently trained with the National Interagen...
The road to Best Squad starts here. Soldiers from @USARPAC & MEDCOM are competing for a spot in the ...
Day three @USARPAC Best Squad competitors took on the Crucible, Carl Gustaf live-fire, rope course, ...
RT by @USArmy: Nothing but action at Fort Benning! 🚁 Explosions, rappels, and precision execution on...
RT by @USArmy: THE BEST The U.S. Army Pacific Best Squad Competition has officially concluded. After...
Get after it. Every single day. Check out these highlights from USARPAC Best Squad Competition! The ...
Range changes the map. 7th Infantry Division (MDC-PAC) trained with the Dark Eagle Long-Range Hypers...
Night shift As daylight faded during #RIMPAC 2026, @USArmy Soldiers from the 25th CAB, @25thID and @...
RT by @USArmy: On day one—President Trump ordered this War Department to secure our southern border....
Community first The @7thID (MDC-PAC) color guard traded the parade field for Main Street, joining th...
Seattle heard us coming LTG Matthew McFarlane joined I Corps Band and color guard at the 77th annual...
RT by @USArmy: Hands-on with tomorrow's tech. During #PCC6, @4thInfDiv Soldiers are at Fort Irwin ex...
RT by @USArmy: Vice Chief of Staff of the @USArmy, Gen. Christopher LaNeve, and Sgt. Maj. of the Arm...
RT by @USArmy: Ready when the call comes🔥🔥 Soldiers from the 1st Battalion, 23rd Infantry Regiment, ...
End of an era The last M1A2 Abrams assigned to 3rd ABCT has left Fort Carson. As the Iron Brigade tr...
R to @USArmy: Because these highly perishable skills degrade over time, operators must validate thei...
R to @USArmy: This unique capability gives the U.S. military a massive tactical advantage. With thei...
When land routes and skies are blocked, the only way in is underwater. Green Berets use combat divin...
The Vice Chief of Staff of the Army & Sergeant Major of the Army visited PCC6 to hear first-hand how...
The answer is artillery Soldiers from 3-7 FA, 25th DIVARTY, 25th Infantry Division fired M119A3 howi...
Finish strong Soldiers with 13th Combat Sustainment Support Battalion, 593rd Corps Sustainment Comma...
Pinned: High altitudes. High standards. Green Berets from 1st Special Forces Group (Airborne) take o...
RT by @USArmy: Before these eight squads think about tomorrow, they must conquer today. The USASOC B...
Earned, not issued @4thInfDiv's Newcomer PT welcomed their newest Soldiers with buddy carries, sprin...
Remote doesn't mean out of reach Soldiers with 17th Long Range Fires and Effects Brigade tested thei...
Since 1790, the U.S. Coast Guard has kept the nation's waterways safe, playing a critical role in ou...
RT by @USArmy: No leaderboard today. Day 5 of Best Squad 26 was spent in STX lanes at Grafenwoehr, w...
RT by @USArmy: war.gov/News/Releases/Releas…
Fit. Ready. Lethal. 1st Infantry Division (@FightingFirst) Soldiers take part in the Expert Physical...
One last Green Mile MG James Bartholomees joined brigade command teams from across @25thID for his f...
Different uniforms. Same teamwork. Soldiers from the 25th Infantry Division welcomed the University ...
R to @USArmy: 🚀 How to get started Talk to your career counselor or HR professional. Soldiers in the...
R to @USArmy: 📅 Eligibility Window Soldiers must meet these Time in Service (TIS) requirements from ...
Continuation Pay is a one-time direct cash payout (like a bonus) for mid-career Active Duty, Reserve...
RT by @USArmy: From Day 1 to Day 7, #EABestSquad put squads through it all. Here is a quick look bac...
Testing it under pressure. Soldiers from @4thInfDiv engaged opposing forces during Project Convergen...
R to @USArmy: Learn more: https://www.army.mil/article/294466
Welcome to the Jungle (Tab)

The U.S. Army is now authorizing the Jungle Tab for permanent Army-wide...
Soldiers ready to answer the call. ~200 Soldiers from Joint Base Lewis-McChord are preparing to supp...
Built for the far north

More than 500 miles northwest of Anchorage, Soldiers from @11thAirborneDiv ...
I will never leave a fallen comrade.
Future systems. Lethal edge. In this photo a 4th Infantry Division (@4thinfdiv) Soldier operates an ...
Eyes up @4thInfDiv Soldiers are testing manned and unmanned aviation systems during Project Converge...
Ground control LTG Gregory Gagnon, commander of @USSpaceForce Combat Forces Command, joined LTG Matt...
Jumping into the new week.
Congratulations to the 75th Ranger Regiment for winning the USASOC Best Squad competition. This team...
When seconds matter 25th CAB, @25thID trained alongside @USNavy emergency response personnel and Arm...
No soft launches. 💥 USAREUR-AF Soldiers fire M320 grenade launchers at the 7th Army Training Command...
We Own the Night. U.S. Army Green Berets assigned to 5th Special Forces Group prepare to leave on Zo...
U.S. Army test ranges are now open to private industry for rapid innovation. The U.S. Army, in partn...
R to @1stCavalryDiv: Described by admirers as looking like “someone who would kill you and then do y...
R to @1stCavalryDiv: Over his career, Vining earned numerous awards, including Legion of Merit Medal...
Sgt. Maj. Mike Vining: The Man. The Meme. The Army Legend. The retired EOD technician and founding m...
United in purpose. Ready as one team. Green Berets assigned to 1st Special Forces Group (Airborne) c...
